Answers

1. Answer: a
Explanation: In shared access to your AWS account, you can give other people permission to administer and use resources in your Amazon web services account without sharing your password or access key.
2. Answer: b
Explanation: With S3 service, you can host a static website, which means it gives highly scalable and available solutions for static websites (static content).
3. Answer: b
Explanation: Simple storage service, S3 helps to easily store and fetchdata from anywhere on the web with web service.
4. Answer: c
Explanation: The foundational web service and the first service introduced by AWS is Amazon S3.
5. Answer: a
Explanation: Amazon S3 is a cloud object storage.
6. Answer: d
Explanation: Objects are manipulated as the whole unit like containers called buckets. In the buckets, we cannot create sub-buckets.
7. Answer: a
Explanation: Amazon S3 bucket region is global and it can be manageable at a global level.
8. Answer: d
Explanation: Objects consist of object data, metadata, and unique identifier.
9. Answer: b
Explanation: Size of objects are from 1 byte to 5 TB of data in Amazon S3
10. Answer: d
Explanation: A key can be up to 1024 bytes of Unicode including embedded slashes, backslashes, dots, and dashes.
11. Answer: b
Explanation: URL http://bucket_ip.s3.amazonaws.com/key.doc, here "bucket_ip" is the bucket name of your choice and "key.doc" is the key.
12. Answer: d
Explanation: With read after write consistency, as soon as you put a new object, you have access to read object immediately.
13. Answer: b
Explanation: Amazon S3 standard storage is 99.99% availability of objects over a one-year period.
14. Answer: a
Explanation : Amazon S3 standard storage is designed for 99.999999999% durability.
15. Answer: b
Explanation: When you upload your file successfully, you get a 200 HTTP code.
16. Answer: b
Explanation: Two central actions are needed to be performed for reducing your storage costs. Automatic transition of data from one storage to another ii. Automatic deletion of data after a particular duration 
17 Answer: a
Explanation: Amazon Glacier is also a cloud storage service, but this storage is used for optimizing data archiving and cheap cost long-term backup.
18. Answer: c
Explanation: It is a hybrid cloud storage provider offering nearly unlimited cloud storage on request. It is a way of using AWS S3 managed storage to supplement on premise storage. It can also be used within a VPC in a similar way
19. Answer: b
Explanation: The policy document in IAM is in JSON format.



